My love...
I can't do it anymore.
I feel sick, I'm scared.
Mom...
Cheers.
-Cheers.
No, don't touch me!
I'm so excited.
Shit! Shit! Shit!
I need a man like you.
A good man.
A partner who can keep a secret.
Runa Gundersen, fifty-six.
Born in Levanger. Steps to green door.
White-haired baby...
My love...
Double-jointed...
Social worker.
No...
You said we were a family.
You promised to help and protect us.
He doesn't love you.
He needs you.
He's always needed you.
Because he knows he's nothing without you.
Yes...
And maybe I'm nothing without him.
Don't say that.
My love...
Don't listen to him.
Sigrid... Sigrid was right.
He's a monster.
You know he is.
We could still make this a real home.
For us two. Like we always...
Stop!
Stop... Stop.
Please.
Look at me, answer me.
I'm not Freya.
Not anymore.
Subtitle translation by Morten Fiskvik